5   The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
5   The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer / director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
444 Effective but too-tepid biopic .
5   If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
427 Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
375 The film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
416 Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
541 Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
333 Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
458 But he somehow pulls it off .
472 Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
597 This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
333 What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
930 Wendigo is why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
805 One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
819 Ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
763 An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
5   Illuminating if overly talky documentary .
5   A masterpiece four years in the making .
694 The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
5   Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
75  A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
291 With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
319 A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
736 Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
777 Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
597 Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
583 An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
680 At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
486 However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
527 It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
236 Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
291 A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
569 Light , cute and forgettable .
375 If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the unfortunately R-rated Paid .
472 While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
291 Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
375 Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days .
305 Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
527 Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
180 Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
611 A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .
597 Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
722 The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
333 Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
527 Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
402 The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
222 Karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
319 Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
291 A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
666 Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
611 May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
430 An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .
777 In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
402 Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
555 Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
555 Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
763 Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies plus one sheep dog , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
180 Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
430 Manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
361 Singer / composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
472 You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
333 Yet the act is still charming here .
319 Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
5   A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
486 This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
333 Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both .
25  Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
305 The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
5   The invincible Werner Herzog is alive and well and living in LA .
5   Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
694 Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
527 Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
666 A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
5   A taut , intelligent psychological drama .
513 A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
444 This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
555 At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
5   The appearance of Treebeard and Gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .
347 I loved it .
305 Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible .
5   a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento '' .
263 If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
291 Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
5   Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
5   It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
722 Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
611 This is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .
763 A few artsy flourishes aside , Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
777 While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
5   Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
5   In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
5   Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
444 The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
541 A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
5   Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
458 The tenderness of the piece is still intact .
5   Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself .
5   Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
5   While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
652 If nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
541 In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
694 But in Imax 3-D , the cliches disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
777 Writer-director Burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
138 ... a roller-coaster ride of a movie .
55  I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
222 Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
194 Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
5   A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
541 On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique .
666 The values that have held the Enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
694 If it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then SL2 does just that .
777 A romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
847 4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
583 The film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm .
69  It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
541 A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
638 Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
388 A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
930 It 's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives Secret Life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
777 Hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
777 In scope , ambition and accomplishment , Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
888 This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
833 Between the drama of Cube .
875 s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
527 A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
527 Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
5   Digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
555 Unlike most teen flicks , Swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
555 An enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
777 `` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
638 Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
305 You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
472 Dramas like this make it human .
458 A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
444 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
555 It 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
611 Run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
555 A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
5   It is nature against progress .
458 In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
722 It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
611 This is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
722 Merely as a technical , logistical feat , Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .
625 Schweiger is talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
652 It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
638 But what spectacular sizzle it is .
777 ... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
75  An original gem about an obsession with time .
305 It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
333 Gloriously goofy and gory midnight movie stuff .
194 The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
291 If your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
666 It 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
694 It is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
319 As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .
291 Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .
194 It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
388 It 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
25  Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
166 A sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
5   Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
5   Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
555 More a load of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures represent .
875 Enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
638 Here 's a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
652 It 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
708 Must be seen to be believed .
597 Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : Nobody deserves any prizes here .
569 Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .
611 The year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
777 Fans of Behan 's work and of Irish movies in general will be rewarded by Borstal Boy .
666 Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
694 But it 's worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
638 The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
805 Stephen Earnhart 's homespun documentary Mule Skinner Blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
833 A solidly seaworthy chiller .
777 If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
666 There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
694 A well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
833 There 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
930 Remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
763 Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
777 For a good chunk of its running time , Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
5   Most of Crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
5   Nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations .
5   The seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
569 Rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
527 Ranks among Willams ' best screen work .
555 Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
5   An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
527 It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
472 Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... But honestly , Analyze That really is n't all that bad .
625 A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
541 This is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary .
5   A very funny movie .
194 Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
444 But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
375 A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
611 Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
708 Those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
652 The kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
777 Watching Beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
805 Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
5   A fascinating and fun film .
277 Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
333 This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
347 I admired this work a lot .
555 Whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .
666 ... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
5   My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
5   She must have a very strong back .
291 A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
208 Australian actor / director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
5   Without heavy-handedness , Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
5   Solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
388 As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
291 It is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
527 It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
291 A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
388 It extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .
180 Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
208 With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
416 Drumline is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
277 At its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
430 An unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
722 A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
944 You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
861 Tsai Ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
819 Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro .
888 Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
777 We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
680 Though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
777 Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
666 Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
805 Visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
527 An absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
694 Mr. Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
513 The result is something quite fresh and delightful .
277 All but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
375 Despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality -- Amy 's O 's honesty will win you over .
361 This is one of Polanski 's best films .
569 Day is not a great Bond movie , but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
333 Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .
472 Is this progress .
416 Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
236 Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
25  Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances .
333 An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
486 I admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
555 The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
569 Remarkably accessible and affecting .
541 Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .
458 The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
5   A triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction .
402 Behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one ca n't help but think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art .
416 Jir? Hubac 's script is a gem .
263 His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
569 The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
152 Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
444 The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
583 I like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
430 Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
555 You might not buy the ideas .
375 But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .
666 Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz .
805 Windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
763 Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
791 Just what makes us happy , anyway .
708 A thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
638 One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
402 You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie an anti-date movie is more like it , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
375 Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face you remember at the end .
625 This is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
597 The director , Steven Shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
5   It ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes .
402 The movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
652 A well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
805 Using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , Dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
819 ... understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
680 The Transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb .
444 As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights .
472 Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character .
708 It is now .
736 By presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
833 An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
819 An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar and peculiarly venomous bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy .
597 All the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
736 `` its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right .
736 It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
736 This is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
527 Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
875 M?nch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
930 Thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda .
763 Ultimately , the message of Trouble Every Day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
361 If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
555 The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
611 There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .
5   A wonderful character-based comedy .
5   It would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count .
5   An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
555 The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
347 It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
638 It 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .
902 Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
5   The tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
569 The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
5   It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
444 What 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an Ikea world .
555 ... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
569 Somewhat blurred , but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
694 As a director , Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
541 For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
430 Intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
5   The New Guy does have a heart .
527 Now , if it only had a brain .
375 A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear .
361 Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
722 The film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
208 This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
222 It 's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
555 Morton is , as usual , brilliant .
513 Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
5   I do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
555 The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
569 Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
5   I enjoyed the ride bumps and all , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
611 You could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable .
541 Asia authors herself as Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
305 Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
333 But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
388 An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
5   High on melodrama .
597 But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
777 Finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
819 It 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
638 Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects .
694 He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
472 Here , thankfully , they are .
541 Post 9 / 11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
444 Hu and Liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
194 This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
111 Easier to respect than enthuse over , Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
611 Girls gone wild and gone civil again .
472 ... Tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
5   While this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
402 Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
666 Clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
305 ... always remains movingly genuine .
472 An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
5   Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
5   A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
5   Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
444 An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
319 Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
527 But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
569 It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
5   This is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
527 Compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
5   It 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .
777 A whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
444 Attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
625 The diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
5   The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
555 Foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
666 Even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
5   Is office work really as alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it .
5   Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
333 Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .
5   Bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
472 An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .
541 As expected , Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
791 A model of what films like this should be like .
611 As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the Cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
513 Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
541 Is n't it great .
541 An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
722 Over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .
472 ... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
486 Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
333 A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
736 As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled literally and figuratively by desire ... Sex and Lucia makes for an arousing good time .
555 Absorbing character study by Andre Turpin .
708 Celebrated at Sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
5   Renner 's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
319 If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
388 If you love reading and / or poetry , then by all means check it out .
722 You 'll probably love it .
625 Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
652 Energetic and boldly provocative .
625 Star Wars is back in a major way .
541 It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
722 It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
736 While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim .
819 If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
5   Jacquot 's Tosca is a treat .
277 By the end of No Such Thing the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
736 If you liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
694 ... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes What Time Is It There .
513 something the true film buff will enjoy .
416 Romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
583 I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
527 Hey , who else needs a shower .
513 Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
194 Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
194 Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
277 Go see it and enjoy .
444 The stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .
5   George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
5   There 's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking .
819 Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
555 The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
569 As green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
666 As Bundy , Michael Reilly Burke Octopus 2 : River of Fear has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
5   A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
444 Ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
541 A slick , skillful little horror film .
555 A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
486 Anderson uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
5   Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
486 despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams bathroom break .
5   Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
5   A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
527 Kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
5   The best movie of its kind since Brazil .
555 Lucas , take notes .
388 This is how you use special effects .
513 `` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple Goddammit .
5   near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
777 One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
5   Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed .
777 Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy , but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
5   Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
652 It represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
75  A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
5   An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
5   The talents of the actors helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
236 It 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .
375 This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
555 Dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
638 The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
708 Starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
708 It 's still worth a look .
347 Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
333 A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
180 Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
444 ... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
694 The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : It 's a slow slog to get there .
472 The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
555 ... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
430 It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
805 Long after you leave Justine , you 'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
833 Still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
666 Call me a wimp , but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
833 Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights .
763 An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
736 The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
486 A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
388 Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
791 If the message seems more facile than the earlier films , the images have such a terrible beauty you may not care .
597 Whether Kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
541 There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
5   Unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
972 There are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected and gentle way .
625 Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
541 There are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
5   The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
513 ` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
5   Working from Elliott 's memoir , Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
5   The story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue .
347 When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
486 The crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
5   The actors are fantastic .
541 They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
722 Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
444 I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
444 Recalls quiet freak-outs like L'Avventura and Repulsion .
444 Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
555 ... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
402 A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
5   Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
388 The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
5   Lends itself to the narcotizing bland sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie .
527 Well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
791 Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
166 Taymor utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
680 This is n't a new idea .
777 It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
569 An impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
5   Two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
458 it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance .
402 Disturbing and brilliant documentary .
527 ... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
513 One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .
513 Not too far below the gloss you can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
513 As if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .
472 Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
333 Villeneuve seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
777 The result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
791 Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .
666 It 's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head .
486 Bourne , Jason Bourne .
638 He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl .
541 He 's Super Spy .
555 What makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
722 This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
569 The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
569 The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
75  A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .
444 The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
25  What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
5   Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
513 Although very much like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
583 `` Take Care of My Cat '' is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
527 As the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
527 Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter / Spider-Man .
527 Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
5   The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .
861 It has fun being grown up .
555 Like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
555 Rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding .
513 One scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
5   Quite funny for the type of movie it is .
5   It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
5   One of Herzog 's least inspired works .
513 This boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
611 Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
444 An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
416 There 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
486 Few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
458 Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... the film addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
291 Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
25  This is a very fine movie -- go see it .
194 As shaky as the plot is , Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
305 Despite its flaws , Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
430 One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
430 Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
125 A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
777 A sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
444 The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard .
361 Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
263 Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
277 A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino .
444 You wo n't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
305 This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
430 The Bourne Identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
541 Provide s nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
5   If it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
166 Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
513 The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
97  For all its serious sense of purpose ... it finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
472 A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
611 This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
777 Sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .
138 A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
5   A bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
555 Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
694 Zhang Yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
347 ... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .
180 ... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat .
5   A pleasant romantic comedy .
527 It 's a Count for our times .
569 Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill .
583 Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
5   A romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
555 Vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
763 ... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
777 A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
5   For the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
583 Majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
472 The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
402 Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
583 I love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
5   In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
638 Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .
5   Hopkins .
5   The movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
222 A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed / bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
5   Hayek is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project .
513 It 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary .
472 Hilarious , acidic Brit comedy .
5   As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
569 An ironic speculation on democracy in a culture unaccustomed to it .
513 It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
305 Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
333 The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
5   Led by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
5   Tuck Everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
513 A gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
222 A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
527 Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew , and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute .
5   Hmm .
694 An uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece .
722 Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
555 Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
625 The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
569 For all its failed connections , Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
805 This is pretty dicey material .
833 But some unexpected zigs and zags help .
5   The filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
375 The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
5   You do n't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable B-minus to The Emperor 's Club .
111 This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
5   Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
166 Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
513 A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
5   Resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
5   `` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
319 It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
291 A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
319 We need Moore 's noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
25  Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush .
472 sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
291 Gai comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
402 These are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
263 It 's rather like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
430 A moody horror / thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
5   As a singular character study , it 's perfect .
444 It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
555 A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
513 While not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , `` In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations .
5   The experience of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
5   Time Changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets .
430 `` The Emperor 's New Clothes '' begins with a simple plan ... Well , at least that 's the plan .
430 Haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
611 Director Peter Jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .
5   While the glass slipper does n't quite fit , Pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
597 The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
541 An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
5   An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
694 This version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
763 Sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
75  And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
75  ... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
972 An impossible romance , but we root for the patronized Iranian lad .
5   Like Dickens with his passages , McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
527 There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .
444 an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
5   another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances .
138 A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
5   A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
486 Cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
5   very solid , very watchable first feature for director Peter Sheridan .
5   a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
166 It suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks .
694 Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
694 A pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
680 Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
444 Though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
5   Compelling as it is exotic , Fast Runner has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
444 What it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness .
388 The warm presence of Zhao Benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
444 This is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
722 Director Rob Marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
458 Skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
111 Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
444 Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
597 In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .
5   Sometimes , that 's enough .
180 An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
5   Ice Cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance .
569 Both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
166 As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
5   Despite a story predictable enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
555 An incredibly low-rent Danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient .
5   It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
430 Director Nalin Pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
694 He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
5   No question .
569 What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
583 Claude Miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
305 What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
305 Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is .
361 Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
75  A Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... but Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer .
5   Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work .
5   Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
444 The film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
361 Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches .
5   As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn .
555 The movie addresses a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
5   This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
472 A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
5   This is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
777 Complex , affecting and uniquely Almod?var , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
666 Good ol' urban legend stuff .
222 Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
458 This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend .
416 It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
388 It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
902 On its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
541 Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
5   Pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
583 Good movie .
833 Good actress .
833 But if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
5   It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
611 It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
5   With youthful high spirits , Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
638 It 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal .
555 A very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
5   But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference .
75  Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
444 Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
680 The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
555 Anchored by a terrific performance by Abbass , Satin Rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
638 Awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
736 Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
736 Though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
5   Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
5   Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
805 Binoche and Magimel are perfect in these roles .
5   When your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
5   While Undercover Brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
583 Gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
5   No wonder they 're talking about Talk to Her .
472 It 's astonishing .
569 For its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
541 Look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
513 It is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
708 It 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
652 A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
5   Tailored to entertain .
736 A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
638 has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
875 A work of astonishing delicacy and force .
388 The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
444 For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
611 Is n't quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
486 The film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
5   An intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .
263 A modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
486 A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
25  What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
569 As teen movies go , `` Orange County '' is a refreshing change .
597 Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
5   A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
305 Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
5   It is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
402 The movie sticks much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did .
333 A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
736 ... spiced with humor ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand and witty updatings Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around .
833 This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
111 A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
180 Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
430 Watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
555 Just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
5   There 's an energy to Y Tu Mama Tambien .
444 Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
388 It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
694 Reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
625 You can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
708 It 's hard not to be seduced by Witherspoon 's charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
5   A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow .
444 A refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
513 If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
375 But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
486 From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , Haynes gets just about everything right .
388 Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
388 Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
527 Ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card .
625 The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
513 There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
833 An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
791 There 's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
875 As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
736 Even if the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
819 Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
763 This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
930 An intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
5   ... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
458 A clever blend of fact and fiction .
416 A vivid cinematic portrait .
722 Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
527 Theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
5   The film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
611 A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
597 It 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
763 Flavorful and romantic , you could call this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
666 Happily for Mr. Chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
652 Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .
777 the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality .
625 Hits one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department .
916 It dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
541 Fessenden is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills .
569 The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
597 a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
902 At nearly three hours , the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
833 The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .
277 The Hours is what movies are supposed to be .
388 A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
5   Pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
513 So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise .
583 Woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
5   His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
527 Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
527 The ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
444 ... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
763 It 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
763 Offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works .
375 I do n't think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man .
388 It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
444 Director Benoit Jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca , conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
444 Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
5   Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .
333 The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
611 ` Charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy .
444 Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
138 A marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
305 The film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
430 Sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
5   Though the film 's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
388 A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars .
5   A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania .
541 The recording session is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
5   Occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao .
5   Bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
5   The 3D images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
319 Andersson creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
319 It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
430 Often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
402 De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .
333 ... an inviting piece of film .
430 The film 's real appeal wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
430 The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
444 A deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
402 A startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society .
472 A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings .
5   it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash .
423 As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely .
569 Brilliant .
444 Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
5   Her delivery and timing are flawless .
555 Works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
763 At its best , The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery .
819 An amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
638 About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream .
513 Occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
305 A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out .
402 `` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
680 A slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
430 Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
444 It has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
5   The movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
458 It helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
180 A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
375 Worth the effort to watch .
291 That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
388 Boisterous and daft documentary .
666 Hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .
486 A work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
5   Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000 .
555 It turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
694 You might not want to hang out with Samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
777 A work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
361 It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
5   Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
361 Witty , touching and well paced .
263 Lee Jeong-Hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .
55  You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
513 The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
666 Enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
5   A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
5   A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
555 Grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
611 At times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
527 Westfeldt and Juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
555 Harsh , effective documentary on life in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories .
527 The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
555 Earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
527 A real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
5   It 's absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice .
527 A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
5   There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
5   Smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
5   It 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro .
138 Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their guests .
277 Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
361 Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
513 The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
513 It 's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
388 The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
736 More than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
486 It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
444 But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
277 Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almod?var style .
611 Merchant effectively translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
652 Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
819 What could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
763 Davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
652 Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
861 Once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .